## What is Adversary Emulation?

Adversary emulation leverages adversary tactics, techniques, and procedures, enhanced by cyber threat intelligence, to create a security test based on real world intrusion campaigns.

Security tests using adversary emulation identify gaps, verify defensive assumptions, and prioritize resources. Red teams and penetration tests often cover identification and verification, but when it comes to prioritizing organizational needs and budgets they typically fall short. Traditionally, these approaches have also not focused on answering questions like

“Could that attack that we saw in the news have happened to us?”

or 

“What would happen if our systems were targeted by an organized crime group looking to profit from ransomware?”

Adversary emulation helps organizations focus their security testing to prioritize threats that their defenders may face each day.

Successful adversary emulation is a collaborative effort between multiple cybersecurity domains of expertise, particularly red team and cyber threat intelligence (CTI) professionals. CTI professionals work with the security operations center (SOC) and senior leadership to determine what types of threats might target the organization, while red teams work to test and probe defenses. Red teams have the tradecraft and skillset to perform malicious actions to subvert defenses, but that expertise is far more valuable to organizations trying to understand the implications of red team findings on their security posture when it is tied to real world threat data. 

Previously, the synthesis of CTI and red teaming was more challenging due to a lack of readily available data and a consistent way to share information. In 2016, the MITRE Corporation released the very first version of ATT&CK, a framework which served as a foundation for information sharing related to adversary behaviors. ATT&CK’s success is driven by the community contributions of organizations world-wide, enabling adversary data coverage unlike anything previously seen. The tactics and techniques in ATT&CK have been identified in real world intrusions, making them ideal candidates for emulations. New adversary campaigns can be mapped to ATT&CK and shared so that others can emulate adversaries of interest to their organization.

by Scythe


